# foamy

## Description
This package lets you use a Streamlit web application designed for post-processing and visualization of simulation data generated by OpenFOAM, a popular open-source computational fluid dynamics (CFD) software package. This application provides a convenient way to analyze and interpret simulation results, including residuals, force coefficients, and probe data.

## Features
- **Interactive Tabs**: The application organizes data into separate tabs for residuals, force coefficients, probes, and a customizable report.
- **Filtering**: Users can filter the displayed data based on the last N iterations of the simulation.
- **Statistical Analysis**: Statistical summary including mean, standard deviation, minimum, and maximum values for the selected data.
- **Plotting**: Interactive plots allow users to visualize the selected data, with options for toggling log scale and selecting specific fields.
- **Export Report**: The application generates a customizable report with simulation details and statistics, which can be exported as a CSV file for further analysis.

## Requirements
- OpenFOAM 9
- Python 3.11.x
- Streamlit
- Pandas
- Plotly

## Setup
1. Clone this repository to your local machine.
2. Install the required dependencies using pip:
    ```bash
    pip install -r foamy/requirements.txt
    ```

3. Enter a project directory:
   ```bash
   cd path/to/project/directory
   ```
4. Run the Streamlit application:
    ```bash
    streamlit run path/to/app.py
    ```

## Contributors
- Victorien Michel
